shiny lashes with loads of volume every
single girl want Kate Middleton's hair
Thrun come down to urban retreat at
Harrods to find out how the experts get
that Kate Middleton blow-dried why did
first person I wash her hair with the
moisturizing shampoo in Machias and
conditioner and then I have spray a
little bit of volumizing spray just on a
scalp he gives a little bit of texture
on her hair and he does a bit of a
natural volume
why did first I roughed the hair
probably like 75 percent of the wetness
and then I devised heading sections and
one section from the top of the head to
behind the ear and that exactly the same
on the other side and another section
across behind I always sucked from the
back and what I do is I take small
sections I first dry properly the roots
to make sure that the roots are
completely dry because if you if you
leave a little bit of wetness on the
root that will make sure the blow dry
goes flat and then I just smooth to the
ends and I go with the brush around
around around a McCully and then I hold
the hair dryer just on the ends and go
over and over and over again after you
blow dry the hair you wrap the hair on
your fingers like a pin curl and just
pin it underneath and the your scalp
when I finish the back section the next
section I do I go to the sides first and
I do exactly the same and then the top
ones the top ones I always leave for
lust when you do the top section I
always the clients they always say oh
I'd like to have a bit of volume here on
the top because my hair always go flat
what I do is I always blow dry hair
folds and then roll it back when the
head is all done I normally leave for
5-10 minutes I spray a little bit hair
spray now as I have take my pins out
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna just put
the hair back put my fingers through the
hair and just leave them job natural and
then you have your Kate Middleton
blow-dried
you